This is a database project that includes both java and sql languages and java.swing was used to make all GUI, and it is about a training center that requires either a student or teacher to register first and then log in.
The database keeps track of each student or instructor and provides them with a unique ID when they register for the first time. 
Every student has either a phone number or email and their name which is divided into his first, middle, and last name. We store their address including street or city and birth date with their gender. Each student or instructor can log in the database from the local course center’s computers or register as a new user and add all their information, but can only be edited from the admin’s account.
A course will have its unique serial number to easily search for it if needed, hours needed to finish the whole course, price, start date, name, description, and max student capacity since a student can at most register for only one course. Every course will have its own prerequisites to assure that all students will start the main course in the same level.
We want to keep track of each payment done and store the amount each student has paid and the date they paid at as well as the method they used in which it can be done by visa or cash.
The admin account is also included and has their own username and password to be able to edit the database by adding, deleting, or editing information.
Last but not least, we should store the instructor’s information including their first, middle, and last name, city name, contact details like their phone number or their email. Each instructor will be teaching a maximum of one course to benefit from all their qualifications and same goes for the courses it can only be taught from one instructor.
